Update 0080-SPOT-product_builtin_spot.md (#1758)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0080-SPOT-product_builtin_spot.md

## 2. Network Parameter

> 1. `SpotMarketTradingEnabled`: parameter defines whether markets using Spot products are enabled on the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `limits.markets.proposeSpotEnabled`: parameter defines whether markets using Spot products are enabled on the network.
```

@ze97286 - we have reviewed this in the protocol design meeting and suggest the net param should be named as suggested here

Reviewer 2: proposeSpotEnabledFrom, is this a date?

Reviewer: @davidsiska-vega - I think this was a boolean, but the suggested name implies a date. Please can you confirm if this should have been `limits.markets.proposeSpotEnabled` instead? 

Current markets (futures?) has: `limits.markets.proposeEnabledFrom`

Reviewer 3: Good point! I think it should be `limits.markets.proposeSpotEnabled` and it should just be one boolean. 

I don't think we want to bother with the "enabled from" date.

Reviewer: suggestion updated - can be reviewed and committed in todays meeting
